potties,
attempting to kill anybody
who may have been inside.
We have not yet been able to verify
if people were actually killed
in this moment.
If you're actually looking at people die
behind those doors.
But obviously, that was the plan.
That was the intent.
That's what they were doing.
And CNN is analyzing
and verifying more than 50 videos
like this one, piecing together exactly
how many of the brutal killings
the slaughter unfolded that morning.
Katie Polglase is OUTFRONT
with an in-depth investigation.
It's 6:30 a.m.
on October 7th,
and things are getting into full
swing at the Nova Festival
in the south of Israel.
We were having fun.
You know, peace, love,
good vibes and an hour
or an hour and a half
after we are running from bullets,
suddenly the music stops.
And then
there's the station.
But no sense yet of the horror
about to unfold
as news
spreads of rocket
attacks from Gaza, people
begin seeking shelter,
crouching close to the ground.
But even this doesn't
lead to outright panic.
Rocket attacks
visible
here are a regular occurrence
in this part of southern Israel.
About 10 minutes later
and some start heading to their cars.
The decision of when
and how to leave the festival
would mean life or death for many.
Some fled early to nearby bomb shelters.
It's 7:10 a.m.
and many are crammed inside.
This one to the north of the festival.
But they've been followed.
At 7:24 a.m., Hamas
threw a grenade inside,
causing horrific damage.
This man, Noah,
emerges stunned into the daylight
and is not the only shelter
to be targeted.
30 minutes later
and further down the same road,
Hamas militants are caught
on dashcam footage
outside another shelter.
They throw a grenade inside.
In total, CNN has identified
four different shelters
near the festival.
The Hamas attacks
all full of people over the next 6 hours.
Hundreds of civilians were killed,
hunted down as they tried
to flee the festival
by examining over
50 videos of that morning
and speaking to 12 survivors.
CNN has established that Hamas
surrounded the festival,
blocking three approaches
to the south, north
and west,
forcing people to flee across
the fields to the east.
Even then, they were hunted.
It's now 8:15 a.m., and Gal Brooke
Chopin survives along with others
by running across the fields.
He's pictured here in the white T-shirt.
Local police and security
told them to drive
east across rough land
due to roadblocks on the main road.
But many end up fleeing on foot.
We're like ducks.
It was like a range.
People were running in their hundreds.
And you can hear the bullets coming.
Were you seeing anyone get shot?
Yeah.
You can see people fall.
It's 8:30 a.m.
and as Gale and others
continued running east,
others running north met
with more bullets and a police blockade,
causing further panic.
As a result, revelers
start running back down
the main road towards the festival,
not knowing there were more militants.
Just a few kilometers further down
on that same road.
Chilling dash cam footage shows
Hamas militants shooting directly
at an approaching car
just an hour earlier.
Those festival goers
that remained closer to the concert site
hid behind anything they could find,
even behind trees
waiting while the bullets closed.
And
many did not survive.
260 are reported dead,
but that toll could rise.
Just 3 hours
after the start of the massacre,
a 9:39 a.m.
videos emerge
of some festival goers
already held hostage in Gaza.
This man still wearing
a festival wristband
and another visibly
wearing the security uniform.
Their fates remain unknown.
Google and others are still processing
the trauma of what they went through.
I know people who were like
12 hours in the bushes
and they didn't move.
I know people who tried to hide
and they died.
Humanity never seen this
in the last couple of hundreds of years
since maybe the Holocaust.
But this is just this is just horrific.
Horrific.
It would be 10 hours until help arrived
for some.
Others are still missing,
feared dead or held hostage in Gaza.
The scale of this tragedy
may grow greater yet
after those 6 hours of horror
in the desert.
Katie Polglase, CNN, London.
And OUTFRONT now, Wolf BLITZER.
Of course,
he's been following this
story for decades
and he knows it better than anyone.
So, Wolf, when you look at that report
and how intricately planned
the massacre was at the music festival,
the slaughter of at least
260 people,
that the footage of someone
shooting up the port
a potties for shelter to shelter
because they knew where they were
waiting to be brought in them
and then throwing in grenades.
The more we find out, the harder
it is to see a way for this
to to
to de-escalate,
for anyone to to back away.
And I know yesterday you and I spoke,
you thought there was a very tiny chance
that this
this could
this could calm down
and de-escalate
as that chance
basically gone to zero now?
Yes, it's basically zero
based on everything I'm
hearing from my Israeli sources.
The Israeli military does not
mobilize 300,000
or maybe close to 400,000 troops,
deploys them to this area around Gaza
and is not about to try to achieve
two major objectives.
The first objective
to either capture
or kill the Hamas leadership.
The second
objective to either
capture or destroy the Hamas weapons.
They'd like to capture
a lot of those weapons
because if they do capture the weapons,
they can determine presumably
where they came from.
Did they come from Iran, for example?
And if they did come from Iran,
that that creates a moment
for the Israelis
if they want to continue the escalation
to target some sort of objectives
in Iran as well.
This could really escalate
not just in Gaza, but elsewhere as well.
And I'm convinced that the Israelis
are not going to back away.
They want achieve those two objectives.
It could happen within a matter of hours.
It could happen
within a matter of a few days.
But everyone should brace
for a major Israeli
ground invasion of Gaza.
And interesting,
the Colonel Conricus,
I know you've been speaking to him,
too, Wolf.
He said they still don't know
the depth of that arsenal
and those special Forces raids today.
Right.
They were about
trying to get
that information of the names,
who was involved, exactly what. Right.
That that seems like
they're being extremely
they're trying to be surgical
to get exactly what they need
because it's very clear
what the intent is.
As you said,
who puts 400,000 or close
to 400,000 troops along a 25 mile border?
If you're not going to do something?
Yeah, they're going to do it.
And it's just a matter of when.
And in my opinion, it'll be fairly soon.
All right, Wolf, thank you very much.